Style guide (#606)
Sage-Bionetworks/synapseDocs: README.md

This is a documentation site for [Synapse](https://www.synapse.org). Synapse is an open source software platform that data
scientists use to carry out, track, and communicate their research in real time.

## Contributing Guide

> - Assign github issue to yourself to track revisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assign GitHub issue to yourself to track work in progress and prevent duplicate efforts. If you don't know what you should work on, look for things tagged with `help-wanted` or `good-first-issue`.
```

> - Create a [feature branch](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) to make you revisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a [feature branch](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) from the `gh-pages` branch to make your changes or new contribution.
```

> - Use a Markdown editor (e.g. Typora) to visualize edits locally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using a Markdown editor lke Typora, VS Code, or Sublime Text will allow you to visualize how your Markdown looks locally. You can also make your changes directly in the GitHub website or any other text editor.
- To build locally, follow the instructions found [here](https://help.github.com/en/articles/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll).
```

> - Open a PR and request a review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a [pull request](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests) against the `gh-pages` branch and [request a review](https://help.github.com/en/articles/requesting-a-pull-request-review).
```

> - Merge requires approving review by product manager or ....

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merge requires approving review by a repository administrator.
```

> Synapse Docs is generated using [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/). Follow the standard [Markdown](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synapse Docs is generated using [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/). Follow the standard [Markdown](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) guide.

To build locally, follow the instructions found [here](https://help.github.com/en/articles/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll). You will need Jekyll, Ruby, and the Ruby package manager, Bundler.

```

Author: Does it make sense to clarify that building locally is not required as a contributor can check format in another Markdown editor? It might be a more inclusive workflow.

Author: O I see that is addressed below :)!

> Internal development can be performed by branching from `develop` to your own feature branch, making changes, pushing the branch to this repository, and opening a pull request. Pull requests against the master branch require a review before merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal development can be performed by branching from `gh-pages` to your own feature branch, making changes, pushing the branch to this repository, and opening a pull request. Pull requests against the `gh-pages` branch require a review before merging.
```

This is a documentation site for [Synapse](https://www.synapse.org). Synapse is an open source software platform that data
scientists use to carry out, track, and communicate their research in real time.

## Contributing Guide

- Assign GitHub issue to yourself to track work in progress and prevent duplicate efforts. If you don't know what you should work on, look for things tagged with `help-wanted` or `good-first-issue`.
- Create a [feature branch](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) from the `gh-pages` branch to make your changes or new contribution.
- Using a Markdown editor lke Typora, VS Code, or Sublime Text will allow you to visualize how your Markdown looks locally. You can also make your changes directly in the GitHub website or any other text editor.

> - To build locally, follow the instructions found [here](https://help.github.com/en/articles/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll).

Author: ```suggestion
```
We can remove this bullet since it is further explained below.

Reviewer: Cool! I can't commit this, but you can! :D
